When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    multiple people working on your same project
    keeping a working stable version / branch committed to remote, while experimenting locally --- open sourcing

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    as i might not want all my commits to be shown to the public, i will only want the stable versions to stay on remote.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    forks are used in github to copy someone else's repository without being able to add commits to their original repository. this is just to give them credit when we start working on their code.
    clone is used to copy an already existing remote repository into our local directory. we use this after we fork someone's repository or if we want we can also directly clone theirs into our system. this can also be used to duplicate a local repository itself.
    branches are used to create a version to keep track of a line of change, say for experimenting or for a different language etc. They are totally needed without respect to remote or local repositories, for their special helping hand.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    we can get to know the changes done to the remote while we were offline, in case we collaborate.
    this will help us to merge the changes in an easier way.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    Without using git and github, things can be ver messy. it is not humanly possible to keep track of all the changes we make
    in all the files we have in our repository.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    when multiple people are working on separate branches on separate aspects of the repository, or 
    when we want to collaborate.
    But working directly on the master will make it easier
